so many people want to know if it's
possible to make free money online and
it is absolutely possible I'm really
excited I just found this not too long
ago I've known about it for a while but
I hesitated about getting involved and
what it is is a Mets Bend prepaid debit
card and you sign up you load $40 when
your card and they will give you a $20
bonus and that is only when you are
referred so someone has to refer you for
you to get that bonus and that's that's
no joke and as a matter of fact a person
who refers you will also get $20 so if I
go to the inbox and they sent me a
confirmation of my $20 bonus they also
make mention of the person who referred
me so I'll go to the little inbox that
they have in the Mac office and I
apologize for my slow connection speed I
don't have the greatest connection but
here we go
and it says dear John that's me
congratulations you and Kerry
that's my the person who referred me
each receipt received a referral bonus
of $20 so a mess free money I loaded the
card with $40 and your transaction
history I'll go back there and they gave
me $20 so now I have $60 so that's free
money as is like if you had a bank
account and right next door there was
another Bank and they say well if you
transferred some money over to this
other account we will give you 50% on
your money and you know at this point it
is 50 percent so you know 50 percent of
40 is 20 so they gave me $20 who
wouldn't do that you know and if you
tell somebody else we'll give you
another $20 and we'll give them $20 test
that's just a beautiful
thing actually and I'm doing this it's
November and so it's quite recently I
this was just yesterday I'm gonna upload
this video and I hope people see it and
take advantage of it because I'm gonna
put my link below where you can get your
card now and it'll come in a week you
just load the card with $40 you'll get
$20 and if you can't find a load station
they do tell you where to find reload
centers you can also transfer money from
your PayPal account and it's it's
wonderful thing you can refer other
people and make some extra credit cash
for the holidays and you can continue
doing this forever I'm assuming and they
also provide tools for you to refer a
friend I'll just show you that real
quick and the tools you can send a link
through an email to people that you know
or you can use the website and this is
the website I hope he's sending you to
I'll open it up real quick
should have already had it open but kind
of kind of winging in this doing it on
the fly and here we go so here's the
website that they provide you to refer
other people with and you can see you
know tell a friend get $20 it's also a
business that's accredited by the Better
Business Bureau is also FDIC insured it
is drawn on a bank met a bank you can
see that if you go to the Better
Business Bureau website it has a a plus
rating so this is not a scam this is not
a a a trick I've seen it around other
people do refer people to the card in
you if you've ever tried it and you you
know say well I don't need to be
referred and gone and then signed up and
you didn't get your $20 is because you
were not referred you have to be
referred so you know take the referral
is so free $20 to you when you follow
the simple instructions load the card
with $40 and it's still your money that
$40 is still yours and then you get
another $20 so you know make some extra
cash for the holidays and then refer a
friend you know pass it along you know
like they used to say pass it forward
you know and so happy holidays I hope
this helps someone out there
No